In this lecture, I'll show you how to set up a LoadBalancer for your first app. In a real world scenario.
You need to be able to access the app from outside the cluster.
On AWS you could easily add an external Load Balancer.
This AWS Load Balancer will route the traffic to the correct pod in Kubernetes.
There are other solutions for other cloud providers that do not have a Load Balancer
Like you can run your own "haproxy" or "nginx load balancer" in front of your cluster.
Or you can expose ports directly.
I will show you how to do it with an AWS.
The first ever to be launched
You can see the YAML file on the left
It is just going to run the pod with the "k8s-demo"
Which just returns "Hello World" on Port 3000
This is the pod definition on the right, we have the service definition
and the service definition is going to put a load balancer in front of our pod
So that, our pod can be accessed from the Internet.
This service has type "LoadBalancer" and when you specify this type "LoadBalancer" on an AWS, yes? It will start an AWS
and it will be an Elastic Load Balancer, which is a service that Amazon provides this service is
This service is defined in the YAML file
But earlier when you were using Minikube, then we were using the command "kubectl expose"
And that also creates a service, we just don't define it in a YAML file.
Here we define our service in a YAML and then submit it to the cluster.
It's basically the same thing whatever you do with "kubectl"
You can also put in YAML files.
So, this YAML file is of kind "Service".
It has a name
"helloworld-service"
And it also has a spec.
I will go over the spec in detail in the demo.
For now just remember that you can have different services.
This service is a type load balancer and will run on ELB. If you run this pod and this service
You could then point a hostname like "example.com" to the ELB to reach your pot from the Internet.
So, this is the way to make your application available to the Internet.
I will show you all the details in the next demo.